the word accountability comes to mind
and I'm really on this journey right now
discovering what true accountability is
and that its first of all it's it's
steeped in in ancient Scripture and this
idea of real relationship I don't know
if there is such a thing apart from
accountability my I am prone to because
love love love is like my mantra because
of what I believe in a passion about
adding love and care and concern and
value to people that way that sometimes
I can not keep people accountable then
so like I read the advantage by Lyn
Sione and and he talked about one of the
last cowardice act of a leader is firing
someone sometimes that you were never
willing to keep accountable and kind of
in my line of work so to speak we just
kind of love hug and hey if you don't
come to work today if you don't deliver
if you don't produce if you don't if you
aren't good at your job
it's okay God loves you I love you and
that sloppy it's not authentic it's not
genuine and so what I have learned from
Russell qb1 or coach is that keeping
each other accountable actually breeds
intimacy it breeds camaraderie and it's
a beautiful thing so I guess the only
answer I could give right now is I'm
really leaning into what does
accountability look like I don't think
I'm good at it and I want to be good at
it I love to love people but part of
loving people is saying hey you need to
follow through and I think that's where
you know coach will love all the players
but oh my god I mean if they don't
deliver if they don't make the catch if
they don't run the route that they don't
make the block he's the first guy in
their face to say you are letting as he
says the team down and the family down
pull your weight and I think there's a
beauty to that that actually breeds
security because you're like you know
dad or the coach is gonna tell me the
truth if I need to show some things up
avoiding conflict minimizes the depth of
relationship that you can experience and
of course the excellence in
which you can experience progress and
fulfillment and live live your dreams
and so we aren't conditioned
particularly if I could speak to people
in the faith community work very
conditioned to just like love love love
it's all good and it gets very greasy
and it's not authentic so I think you
actually address hate there needs to be
some conflict in and this is good so we
this literally happened yesterday in one
of our executive meetings is two
individuals in the meeting I was like
hey you're not saying anything you just
shut down you are clearly visibly your
body language is you are frustrated you
guys need to have conflict right now and
it's good so let's go and sure enough
this person was like well I feel like
intimidated and this person's like what
were you talking about well six weeks
ago I'm like here we go and I stopped
them for a second said though this is
good
this is family we're gonna keep doing
this but before the emotion begins we've
got to set up like okay we're going to
look for conflict in this relationship
in this business and this organization
because it's going to be good for us and
it's gonna keep us from being robots and
show up to work where eventually we
despise where we work because nobody's
genuine and honest and we ended up
talking at the watercooler about the
person we should be talking to face to
face recently I was here to speaker and
he says what do you want and the room
gets quiet and he's like most people
don't say what they want in life where
they want to go who they want to be they
take it as it comes which is really
disturbing and sad but it's true we like
for instance we take friendships as they
come we just like well I guess we kind
of met and you like juice boxes and I
like juice boxes so let's just hang out
and like you know talk about Capri Sun
or whatever it's like no like I'm gonna
pursue people that I mean like you do I
feel like you you challenge me in that
regard like you're pursuing people that
you want to mine out the gold in them
and learn from them and I think we ought
to be more intentional and and be honest
what do I want what kind of friends do I
want what kind of life do I want and
then I think speak that out first of all
like declare that be honest recently I
did an exercise again back to our team
and they said why do we exist Judah why
do you exist why do we exist not the
answer you think you're supposed to give
but the answer like the truth
what you want and why you exist and
creating a safe space with the people
that you intentionally have have chosen
your life to go alright we're gonna like
we're gonna get bare-bones honest here
this is actually what I want in life
this is actually why I exist and then
and then we've got to like hold each
other accountable to that like bro you
can't wake up at 11 p.m. every day if
that's what you want and I think there's
that's why I'm a big proponent of
community I don't think people can be
who they're supposed to be without
community and community doesn't have to
be 10,000 people it can be five it can
be three it can be the right people not
just a bunch of people but the right
people Lena it's been said show me your
friends I'll show you your future like
it's it's real I can tell you where
you're going right now by the people
you're hanging out with on a consistent
but I actually think we're suffering
from a lack of love on a grand scale on
an epic scale it might be the greatest
epidemic in the world maybe it always
has been
I think things horrific things like
racism are symptomatic of the fact we
don't feel loved we don't feel like we
matter we don't feel like we're valued
and so we devalue each other and we
fight and we war my passion is to love
people and to express that love the pain
is part of being alive we're not living
a Disney cartoon we're live in real life
and the pain we feel it makes us more
human it makes us more alive and I held
my wife tighter this morning I just did
and I just did
you